Add note about binary location for vscode extension (#184)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/editor_setup.md

The premier editor for Grain is Visual Studio Code. You can install `vscode-grain` from [the VS Code extension marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=grain-lang.vscode-grain).

> __Note:__ If you are using Grain from a location not in your PATH, you'll need to edit your extension settings. For example, on Windows you might need to set it to `./grain-win-x64.exe` if you keep the Packaged Grain binary inside your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note:__ For language server support, you'll need to configure the location of the `grain` binary in the extension if it does not exist on your PATH. For example, on Windows you might need to set it to `./grain-win-x64.exe` if you keep the Packaged Grain binary inside your project.
```
